Hello everyone
Today we introduce to you
Many netizens reacted with us.
When I last tested the Luxgen 5 Sedan
For the part of Think+Touch
Because the function of Think+Touch is too much
So we have not fully introduced
Today, especially in the showroom of Luxgen Riverside Street
Introducing Think+Touch to everyone
Why do you want to introduce
The first point is of course the needs of netizens.
The second point is the Think+Touch system.
There are actually a lot of features that you can't imagine.
These features are not completely used by the driver.
The opportunity for passengers to use is also very high
Especially children!
If you have this Think+Touch system
I won’t be bored when driving long distances.
Think+Touch is divided into 5 major functions
The first is audio and video entertainment.
Includes radio, USB connection
And can read USB music, movies and photos
Especially the part of the film
You can download videos that kids love.
Because Think+Touch can be used on mobile phones
3G wireless Internet access
So in the audio and video entertainment section
More digital radio reception
The second is telephone communication.
Many consumers still talk about mobile phones while driving.
Think+Touch has a hands-free function
If the driver is driving
Must be very focused on the road conditions
There is a newsletter button on the screen
Automatically send a text message whenever you press a button
The caller will see the newsletter
Notifying the caller that it is currently inconvenient to pick up the car
The third is driving safety.
In fact, it is almost the same as Luxgen SUV and MPV.
Whether it is Eagle View or Side View
Even including Night Vision+
All are Luxgen 5 Sedan
Standard equipment for 1.8 and 2.0 high-end models
Driving safety also includes vehicle detection
As long as it is a car computer
Regardless of the engine, the gearbox computer
Detecting abnormal conditions of the vehicle
Will have a fault code in the driving diagnosis
At this point, the vehicle must be returned to the factory for maintenance.
The fourth is system setting
Maybe a lot of people will think that the system settings are nothing.
But today through professional business commentary
I really like the display settings of Think+Touch.
The clock is divided into 7 menus
No matter which clock display you choose
There will be very beautiful animations
Maybe you don't care
But modern consumers are getting longer in the car.
Especially when it comes to traffic jams.
It’s like you will update your computer tablecloth
You will update your mobile phone tablecloth
This system is the same
If you look tired of the traditional digital clock
Switch your favorite watch display
Will jump out of a beautiful animation
The last important point is the HTC mode.
HTC mode is subdivided into 6 major items
The first is HTC mobile phone image
When Think+Touch is connected to HTC phone
Think+Touch will display the current screen on the HTC screen
Synchronize the display of the HTC phone
The second is Luxgen Navi+
Because you can connect to your mobile phone
So satellite navigation is no longer just a way to go.
An image that can pass through the highway
Even TMC instant traffic text
Before the driver gets on the road
You can read the information you want first.
For example, driving from Taipei to Taichung
If there are some traffic conditions in Hsinchu
Or the traffic is crowded
At this time, you can pass Navi+
Instantly learn the latest traffic information along the road
Including live images such as traffic jams and accidents
The third is the Internet function.
When using this feature is recommended
The vehicle must be stopped at the roadside
In addition to general web browsing
Including Twitter, Facebook
Even including sending and receiving e-mail
The fourth is Aqua+APP
Last time we introduced Aqua+APP
Not only 6 small fish but only
If the driver does not wear a seat belt
Or the air volume and temperature of the air conditioning system
6 small fish in Aqua+APP will change
For example, the driver does not wear a seat belt.
6 small fish eyes will stare at you!
Remind the driver to wear a seat belt
If the air conditioner adjusts the temperature higher
The color of the sea is clear purple
If the temperature adjustment is low
The color of the sea is blue
The fourth function is very easy to use
Information including food and clothing
Life Go+ system
In addition to road imagery and information
If traveling to an unfamiliar city or attraction
Learn all the food, drink and fun messages through Life+Go
As well as life information, travel information, and real-time traffic conditions
The last point is e-mail
Mobile phone connected to Think+Touch
As long as the phone receives an e-mail
Email will be displayed
Prevent drivers from operating the phone directly
Danger
E-mail that can be displayed on the screen
The vehicle is parked on the side of the road to read e-mail
Maybe you will think
Think+Touch is not just a screen.
Just more features of the phone connection
But when you operate Think+Touch
You will find many programs
Even some simple pictures
Or a lot of humanized operations
Luxgen spent a lot of effort designing Think+Touch
At least this is developed for Chinese people.
Instead of a simple screen plus satellite navigation
Think+Touch all the features
Both are developed by Luxgen.
Can see the heart of Luxgen
Currently Luxgen 5 Sedan is either 1.8 or 2.0
Have already delivered the car one after another.
Our last test drive was the 2.0 model.
In October we will test drive 1.8 models